Previously on Bull...
We could keep this up
for a while.
but eventually it'll fall apart.
It stops now.
Taylor...
Tidal.
Soccer mom.
You still up for an adventure?
And you're in.
Here's your cash.
I'm considering leaving TAC
and going to work
for Bradley Lena.
You want your name
above the door?
You never asked for that.
With him. I didn't have to.
If you would like
to change
the name of the company. I...
I want to be
somewhere my value is known.
You ar...
Not something that I have to
argue for or negotiate.
Goodbye.
I don't know where
to start. Linda.
We're building
a modern luxury hotel.
not refurbishing
an ancient ruin.
We are way too close
to deadline
for you to be sending me
something this rough!
Anyone else in the office
presented this.
you'd be singing
their praises.
That's crap.
and you know it.
Ah. shoot.
Are you out of your damn mind?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Hello?
Mom?
Hey. I thought
you said you weren't
gonna be home until later.
Amy.
Is that blood?
There was an accident at work.
Everything is gonna be okay.
I need you to go pack a bag.
W-We're gonna take a trip. okay?
Mom.
what's going on?
Amy. just please.
go pack a bag now.
Linda Bloom. NYPD.
Open up.
Oh.
Linda Bloom!
NYPD. Open the door!
I love you so much.
What did you do?
And this is us at Haleakala.
You should have seen it.
His entire personality
just lit up.
Aw. I'm so glad you guys
had that time together.
Yeah. it was a great trip.
I'm also glad that
you and I can do this again.
You know. have
a friendly relationship.
Me too.
Truth is. though.
this trip wasn't just
to visit my family.
I had an interview
for a job while we were there.
A job? Really?
I just found out that I got it.
You're moving to Hawaii?
That's the plan.
Wow.
I mean...
congratulations.
Thank you.
Sorry. this is just
a lot to process.
Um...
Mauricio is gonna
miss you so much.
I mean. you haven't
told him yet. have you?
No. I thought
we should talk first.
Good.
Because I want
him to come with me.
Before you react.
think about it.
My whole family lives there.
Oh. my God.
He'll grow up
with his cousins.
That's why you brought me here
to tell me.
so I wouldn't freak out?
Flight schedules
between JFK and the Big Island
are pretty good.
Erik. what the hell
are you talking about?
You're asking
if my son can move to Hawaii?
He really did love it.
Of course he loved it!
It's Hawaii!
Can you lower your voice?
Please?
Did you really think
there was a chance in hell
I'd say yes?
I thought we could
at least discuss it.
No.
there's nothing to discuss.
I'm not living
clear across the country
from my six-year-old son.
How do you plan
to take care of him
when I'm not here
to pick up your slack?
Pick up my slack?
You work nonstop. Taylor.
Half the weekends
you're supposed to be with him
you call me last second
to cover.
You're doing this
to get back at me.
What?
I hurt your feelings
because I called off
our fling. mistake.
whatever that was.
and now you're getting payback.
Wow. That would be convenient
for you to believe. wouldn't it?
This is about my career
and our son...
Are you really
looking at your phone right now?
I have to go.
It's work. isn't it?
When can we finish
this conversation?
Screw you. Erik.
Move anywhere
outside the five boroughs.
you're moving alone.
Good. You're here.
I can't find anything
on Marissa's computer.
It's like everything
is in code.
Can you help?
Not quite the emergency
your 12 texts implied.
but yeah. sure.
I still can't believe Marissa
left without giving us time
to sort all of this out.
Losing her was gonna suck
no matter how much notice
she gave.
Danny. Taylor.
Chunk and I have a 9:00 a.m.
meeting with the new client.
but this dossier is incomplete.
There's no
medical examiner's report?
I didn't know we were
supposed to include that.
Well. if you don't know
something. you ask.
But if we don't know
we're missing something.
how can we know to ask about it?
Have you looked
at the candidates...
...the headhunter sent
to fill in Marissa's job?
We could really use the help.
I haven't. but I will. soon.
Bull. we got to get going.
I have the ME report right here.
Okay. Good.
There it is. Listen.
I know that we're stretched
a little thin right now
without Marissa. but...
we're gonna get through this
transition stronger than ever.
I promise.
You're gonna want to take a look
at this on the way over.
She stabbed him in the neck
six times.
Six times?
With a fountain pen.
Ooh. It's gonna be hard to make
that look like an accident.
Connor was my boss.
But he was also my friend.
We worked together
for 20 years.
We had hundreds of arguments
about hundreds of projects.
but this time...
I got so frustrated.
I just snapped.
Were you having a romantic
or a sexual relationship
with the victim?
No.
Was he harassing you
in any way?
Connor? No. Never.
Ms. Bloom.
is there any information
you can give us
that could help a jury
understand why you did this?
He kept waving his pen around.
Really pissed me off.
I don't understand it. either.
I killed a man.
How can I live with that?
How do I explain that to Amy?
And according to
the police report.
she was home at the time
you were arrested?
It was awful.
How scared she looked
when they took me.
Who's watching her now?
She's at an emergency
foster care center.
Is her father in the picture?
I used a sperm donor
to get pregnant.
Amy doesn't have
any other family.
It's always been just us
against the world.
But now...
I can't bear to think of her
in foster care.
Is there anything...
is there anything at all
you can do to help me?
To be honest.
I'm not sure there is
anything we can do to help you.
but I think we can help Amy.
How?
Sometimes
the prosecutor will agree
to delay a prison sentence
to accommodate
a family situation.
So we could ask if they will
delay your sentence
until Amy's 18th birthday.
What do you think?
I think that
we'd have to beg the A.D.A.
And she'd probably require
that you a plea agreement
to second degree murder.
which carries
a hefty prison sentence.
Whatever it takes.
I'm willing to do it.
Thank you.
Don't thank us yet.
We'll reach out to the A.D.A..
see if she bites.
I understand.
And. um.
if you're my legal team now...
...can I ask you
to do one more thing?
Hey. Amy?
I'm not coming inside.
Stop asking.
Well...
I like the cold.
Stimulates
brain activity.
I'm Dr. Jason Bull.
I'm part of
your mother's legal team.
Are you gonna get my mom
out of jail?
When can I go home?
Tonight?
I'm sorry. I...
Not tonight.
When?
I don't have an answer
to that question yet.
Did she really kill her boss?
That's what
they're saying online.
Right.
I don't understand.
Why?
I don't have an answer
for that. either.
Your mom was
worried about you.
She tried to
call you today.
but you were in school.
so she asked me to come by.
see how you were doing.
How are they treating you
in here?
Everyone's nice. I guess.
They told me I could see her
this weekend.
You nervous about that?
I don't know.
Listen. it's understandable.
Seeing her in there would
make it real. right?
We were supposed to go hiking
this weekend.
On the Appalachian Trail.
I am so sorry. Amy.
And I know your
mom is. too.
You have to know...
that whatever happened.
it can't change
how much she loves you.
How is she?
She's okay.
She's confused.
That's to be expected.
She said everyone
is treating her well.
Is she gonna come visit me
this weekend?
I think you need to
give her some time.
But we do have
some good news.
The A.D.A. agreed
to delay the start
of your sentence
until Amy's 18th birthday.
But. as predicted.
it's a hefty sentence.
25 years?
She wanted life.
This was the best
that we could do.
This is a gift. Linda.
It means that
you can pick up Amy
from foster care
and take her home.
and she will never go back.
You'll be under house arrest
until you go to prison.
but you'll be together.
Three years to prepare
my daughter
for life without me.
It's worth it.
Linda?
Hmm?
The pen?
What about it?
You're writing
with the wrong end.
What do you mean?
Here. try mine.
Which end are you
supposed to write with?
This one. right?
Don't sign.
I don't think
you're guilty
of murdering your boss.
It's a large
but benign meningioma covering
the frontotemporal lobe.
Uh. there's no way to know
how long the tumor's been there.
but based on skull bone erosion.
I can see that it caused
massive brain swelling
over just the past month.
which I'm sure has had
a significant effect
on your behavior.
A brain tumor?
What kind of effects?
Difficulty with motor skills.
mood swings.
trouble regulating your impulses
during moments of stress.
Is it. um. fatal?
No. Linda.
the mass won't kill you.
The procedure
to remove it
does have a high rate
of mortality.
How high?
Fifty percent.
So. my recommendation is
to start you on a course
of anti-inflammatory steroids
immediately.
That should remedy
the behavioral symptoms
that I just mentioned
and help you learn
to live with it.
I'm gonna give you a few moments
to. uh. process all that.
Thank you.
Thanks.
I'm so sorry.
No.
Now I know.
It was the tumor.
This...
is gonna be a help
to our defense.
We put an expert on the
stand who says that
this abnormal mass
is responsible
for your erratic.
violent behavior.
That's gonna have an impact.
Look. Linda. I can't imagine
how relieved you must feel
to have an explanation for
why you did what you did.
but we currently have a
very good deal on the table.
And if we go to trial...
All of that goes away.
Three years with my daughter.
But if we win...
I get to spend
the rest of my life with Amy.
Automatism?
Translates as "machine
that moves."
We are gonna argue that Linda
was not in control of her body
when she stabbed her boss.
The A.D.A. was not happy
when we pulled out of that deal.
and she's gonna be coming
at us with both barrels.
Danny. I need hard evidence
that Linda's ability
to control her impulses
was diminished by...
We. the jury. find the defendant
guilty on all counts.
What?
"Diminished by" is too passive.
This tumor
is a villain in the story.
So we need words that
show that this tumor
attacked Linda's brain.
It disfigured her personality.
She had no motive.
She had no history of violence.
This tumor...
made her do it.
Okay. I have a question.
Since we're adding
another case
to the schedule.
have you had a chance
to look at the candidates
to replace Marissa?
Yes. I have.
Good.
Thank you.
Then I threw them all away.
and then I asked the
headhunter for better options.
So.
who's gonna handle
the mirror jury
on this case?
Well. I have full faith
you can handle
the mirror jury selection.
and that you are gonna do
a fantastic job
with the algorithm.
Now. I know that
Marissa has left...
some big shoes to fill here.
But it would
be a mistake to rush
and fill them too soon.
Hi. Ms. Morgan.
We're so excited
that you're here.
I'll show you to your office.
Thank you.
Can I get you anything?
Um...
Morning. Ms. Morgan.
Good morning.
No. thank you.
Actually. a cup of coffee
would be great.
if it's not too much trouble.
Hi. Marissa.
Hello.
Bradley.
Marissa.
Welcome.
So jazzed you're here.
This is an amazing space.
The pictures do
not do it justice.
Let me show you your office.
You ready?
After you.
This is fantastic.
Not bad. huh?
Wow.
Oh. Is this the case
about the Rikers inmate
who died in custody?
Yes.
I was hoping we could dive
right in.
Voir dire starts tomorrow.
Of course.
Now. my instinct
is to target jurors
who see themselves
as down on their luck.
who've made mistakes in life
and will overlook the crimes
that put the victim in prison
in the first place.
W... Uh.
that makes sense.
Great.
Yeah. but I don't think
we should rule out
the other direction.
Seat jurors
who don't make mistakes.
who can't fathom
an institution
tolerating the conditions
that killed him.
I don't think that the
big money is awarded by
a jury who empathizes
with the victim.
I think we want a jury
outraged by the defendant.
Yeah.
Okay. let's do it your way.
Oh. wait. what?
No. I-I mean. I was
just spitballing.
I think we should
talk about it some more.
Marissa.
you want to know
the secret to my success?
I only work with people
who are smarter than me.
And when they talk.
I listen.
Your coffee. Ms. Morgan.
with a dash of vanilla.
Saw that's how you like it
on your Insta.
Thank you.
They know how I like my coffee.
I know how you like your coffee.
I'll make it for you every day
if you come back.
I miss you. too. Taylor.
I knew you did a lot
around here.
but it turns out none of us
knew exactly what you did.
Oh. you guys will figure it out.
Uh. looking back. I realize
I got too comfortable at TAC.
I forgot how important it is
to do something
outside of your comfort zone.
All right. all right.
I'm happy for you.
Thank you.
How's Bull?
If I told you
he's a shell of his former self.
would you consider coming back?
Hey.
How you doing?
Uh. good. I'm just...
scrambling to get this brand
strategy deck pulled together.
Ah. yeah.
Well. I hate to interrupt you.
but. um. I need your help.
With...
The headhunter
sent over candidates
for Marissa's replacement.
and...
I just...
I'd love to hear your opinion.
I don't know anything
about algorithms or...
or trial science.
It's not really
about any of that.
It's about your feelings
about the people.
I mean. you're a really good
judge of character.
You're good with people.
Says the man with several PhDs
in human behavior.
Please.
I know you're busy.
but I could really
use some help.
Sorry. Bull.
I've been having some trouble
recruiting mirror jurors.
Another one just backed out.
Backed out?
How many is that?
Four.
Four?
Hire another Marissa.
Hey. no. no. no. no.
We-we are gonna hire
another Marissa.
We are.
but right now...
...we're gonna do things
the old-fashioned way.
I'm gonna go into court.
I'm gonna eyeball the jury.
And then when they go to lunch.
you are gonna eavesdrop
on their conversations.
Uh. is that legal?
Well. the jury is not
supposed to talk about the case
until deliberations.
Sometimes they can't
help themselves.
and if I happen
to overhear them...
Technically. they're the ones
breaking the rules.
Thanks for that.
Mrs. Fritz.
how long did you work
with the defendant
and the victim?
I joined the firm 11 years ago.
But Linda and Connor
had already been
working there.
Did you ever
see them argue?
Yes.
Every once in a while.
they would have a big fight.
Nobody else could speak
to Connor like Linda.
But. clearly. they had
a unique relationship.
A unique relationship.
What do you mean by that?
Well. they had known each other
for years.
But. last month.
Connor told me something
that was really quite shocking.
Objection. Hearsay.
Linda. where is this going?
Your Honor.
if you'll let me proceed.
you'll see that
the victim's statement
falls under the
excited utterance exception.
I'm sorry.
Overruled.
You may answer.
Connor told me that
he had donated sperm to Linda
so she could have a baby.
He said that
he was her daughter's
biological father.
And...
did the victim say
if there was a reason
he was suddenly
telling you this?
He... said he had decided
he wanted to be
a part of his daughter's life.
But Linda was against it.
No further questions.
Your Honor.
So. if Marissa were talking
in your ear right now.
what do you think she'd say?
She'd say our client
has a motive
and the board is as red
as that bloody pen.
Our defense depends
on convincing the jury
that your brain tumor
is the only logical explanation
for why you stabbed
Connor Gilliam.
It is the only
logical explanation!
And the A.D.A.
is now going to say
that you and Connor
had a fight.
And what was
that fight about?
Well. he wanted to
tell his daughter the truth:
that he was
her biological father.
But the argument was about work.
The A.D.A. is
gonna say that
this brain tumor of yours
is nothing but
a convenient excuse
to get away with murder.
Look.
15 years ago.
when I wanted to get pregnant.
Connor
offered to donate sperm.
But from the start.
he was the one
who did not want to be involved
in Amy's life.
Then. suddenly.
he changed his mind.
I was surprised. sure.
but I was not angry.
I'm not even sure
I was. um. against it.
like Truvy said.
Point is.
none of this even came up
that night.
Then why did you lie to us
when we asked you if there was
any kind of relationship
between you and Connor?
Well...
on top of everything else
I've put my daughter through.
how could I let her
find out now
that the man I killed
was her father?
I was hoping
it wouldn't come out.
Well. despite
your best efforts.
she is gonna find out.
because the prosecutor's
gonna call her next.
Amy.
is it true that
you learned today.
for the first time.
that the man
your mother stabbed to death
was your biological father?
Yes.
Had you ever met him before?
A bunch of times.
At her work potlucks.
So...
your mother
introduced you to Connor.
the man she killed.
but she never said
that he was your father?
Objection.
Asked and answered. Your Honor.
Sustained.
Amy. have you been to visit
your mother in prison?
No.
Why not?
Because I'm scared of her.
No further questions.
Your Honor.
Your witness. Mr. Palmer.
No. No more.
Linda. we have to do some damage
control on that testimony.
She has been through enough.
I know this is difficult.
but our job is to keep you
out of prison.
My job is to protect
my daughter.
Get her down from there.
right now.
Mr. Palmer?
We have no questions
for this witness. Your Honor.
Oh.
Well. fancy meeting you here.
I wondered
how long it would take.
How's the new gig?
Uh. new gig is good.
Uh. great. actually.
And TAC?
Oh. well. you know TAC.
Everybody really misses you.
I miss them. too.
Say hi for me.
Uh. doing anything fun today?
Client's being charged
with murder.
Even her daughter
blames her for it.
So. not fun.
How about you?
Uh.
voir dire-- wrongful death
at Rikers Island.
Oh. Rikers. I heard about that.
Well. don't fall
for the sympathy trap.
If I were you.
I would look
for type A professionals.
who are pr...
Actually.
Bull. I-I've got this one.
Of course you do.
See you around.
Oh. sorry.
Okay. so... Oh.
I'm sorry.
Something came up
at work. and...
I know. I know.
I'll be home in no more than...
30 minutes.
Did Mauricio go to sleep okay?
Ms. Rentzel?
Yes?
I'm Special Agent Delgado.
this is agent Chamblee.
from the FBI's National Cyber
Investigative Joint Task Force.
Can we talk?
I'll be home as soon as I can.
Ms. Rentzel. you recently
met a young woman
by named Zola Macer.
a hacker. goes by Tidal online.
What's this about?
Tell us how you and Tidal
have been spending
your time together.
I'm gonna go out on a limb
and assume
you already know
the answer to that.
We've been penetration-testing
corporate computer networks.
but making all of
the appropriate disclosures.
It's totally legal.
It would have been...
...if she didn't steal
a treasure trove of data
from Bressadyne Labs
and sell it online.
I don't know
anything about that.
Well. we traced the intrusion
that gave her access
back to your laptop.
That makes you just
as responsible as her.
You must know I used to work for
the Department
of Homeland Security.
If I thought I was
doing anything wrong.
don't you think I would've
covered my digital tracks?
I have a son.
Lucky for your son.
we don't want you.
We want Tidal.
Look. I'm far from a expert
on cyber law.
but from what I see here.
the FBI has enough
to make your life
very difficult.
Like. "ten years in prison"
difficult.
I don't even know
how this is happening.
I mean. it was just
a fun little side project.
a hobby.
I didn't do anything illegal.
I didn't say it was
impossible. Taylor.
but it would be
an uphill battle.
And. look. if this agent
is willing to walk away
in exchange for you gathering
evidence against Tidal.
then I'd say do it.
She's my friend.
When I needed help.
she helped me.
But she also lied to you
and dragged you into this mess.
It just doesn't
sound like Tidal.
She might skirt the law.
but she has a moral code.
I think it's honorable
that you want to protect
your new friend. I do.
But it seems to me like
it's either her or you.
Hey. Super Dad.
Mm. You've been working on that
for a while.
No. I've actually put it
together twice.
and I have to keep
taking it apart.
because...
You know
what's irritating?
Extra pieces.
And this jigamabob
is not even
in the instruction manual.
Why do they do that?
I can't help you there.
But. you know what. I did
take a look at the résumés.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I wasn't going to at first.
but then it occurred to me
you were probably
counting on that.
What does that mean?
It means I think
you've been dragging your feet
hiring someone new.
because the moment you do.
you have to admit
that it's real that Marissa's
not coming back.
Okay. What kind of half-baked
armchair psychobabble is that?
No.
No?
No. Ridiculous.
Mm. Okay.
Okay. maybe
there's a grain of truth
in there somewhere.
on a subconscious level.
Marissa and I have worked
together a long time.
She started the company
with me. and...
...I may be
a little worried that
I won't be able to do it
without her.
Well. you can always
become a mechanic.
That's emasculating. actually.
Jason.
Marissa's gone. but...
you have a group of very
talented people
still working for you.
So stop torturing them
and bring this very talented man
in for an interview.
You're welcome.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Jared?
Dr. Mittman. are you
saying that the tumor
that was laying siege
to my client's brain
caused her to lose control
and stab Connor Gilliam?
Yes. that's correct.
But as the prosecutor
has said multiple times.
my client doesn't have
a history of
violent outbursts
or attacking other people.
How is this possible?
Well. people
can live
with brain tumors for years
before they become
clinically significant.
The injury to Linda's brain
only very recently
reached a tipping point
and began altering her behavior.
How recently?
Well.
based on her skull bone erosion.
I'd say one month
before the incident.
Linda.
keep eyes on the witness.
If you're disinterested.
the jury will be. too.
Sorry. I was looking for Amy.
None of this matters
if she doesn't hear it.
One month.
Members of the jury.
please keep that number
in mind.
Now. doctor.
on this TV screen
you'll see a scan
of my client's signature
on a check from
one month ago.
Keep watching.
What you'll see now are
scans of Linda's signature.
leading up to the night
in question.
During which time.
you just testified.
this tumor was
crushing her brain.
Do you notice any difference?
Her signature
changed dramatically.
Are you surprised
by that. doctor?
Not at all.
It makes perfect sense
that the brain's motor strip
was impacted first.
See. the changes
in Linda's handwriting
were a warning sign
of what was to come.
Unfortunately. nobody noticed
until it was too late.
For Linda and for
the man she killed.
Doctor. it almost sounds like
Linda is a victim
in all of this. too.
In a way. she is.
No further questions.
Your Honor.
The jury
can't be against us.
I saw their faces in court.
They know that
the tumor is responsible.
That's it. Case closed.
No.
Case not closed.
I heard a group
of jurors talking
in the courthouse cafeteria.
Here. give this a listen.
If the tumor really
made her do it.
I feel bad for her.
Yeah. I get it.
But if we all agree
she's funny in the head.
then we definitely
can't let her off.
Why not?
Because the next time
she gets upset. she could snap
and hurt someone else.
You guys. he's right.
She could kill her daughter.
Well. you're half-right.
We convinced them that the tumor
made Linda kill her boss.
But now they want to lock her up
'cause they're afraid
she'll kill again.
All you have to do is go in.
plug the thumb drive
into Tidal's computer.
wait 60 seconds for
the spyware to install.
then I'll have eyes
on everything she types.
What will she be charged with?
Just plug it in and get out.
Then none of this
will be your problem.
Soccer mom. hi.
Hey.
I was on my way to work
and realized I was close.
so thought I'd stop by
and say hey.
Unannounced
pop-in status.
I like it. Come in.
I can't stay for long.
Ugh. the heat in the subway
was crazy.
Can I have some water?
Sure. You get to take
my new DIY water
filtration system
for a spin.
I can't with the chemicals
this city pours
into its drinking water--
fluoride.
orthophosphate.
sodium hydroxide.
And there's still
mosquito larvae in the water.
so then they dump in
microscopic crustaceans
to eat the larvae.
How nasty is that?
Thank you.
Just gulping the stuff down.
Sheep drinking shrimp.
So lame.
You really need to get
a filtration system.
I can help you
build one.
Did you steal documents
from Bressadyne Labs?
You saw the data dump?
That's why you're here?
So it's true.
I didn't tell you
because I wasn't sure
you wanted to be a part of it.
But I am part of it.
My computer made
the first entry.
Okay.
Soccer mom lecture time.
No. Don't do that.
You used me and brought me
into your mess.
Whoa. dial down the drama.
They had it coming.
Oh. so just 'cause
they're Big Pharma
means you can steal from them?
You didn't read the documents.
Employees overseas
were working so hard
they were dropping dead
on the factory floor.
But when head honchos
found out.
they saw an opportunity
to improve efficiency
and started pitting employees
against each other.
video game style.
How fubar is that?
So. yeah. I posted the documents
where the media could find them.
So. you didn't get paid
for the data?
No. Not a penny.
Unplug your computer.
What?
Unplug your computer now.
Damn it.
No. Another expert witness
is not gonna move the needle.
You don't know that.
It could.
It won't.
Saying that Linda's medication
is 70% effective
at controlling symptoms
is like...
She's still 30% likely
to kill somebody.
Yeah. I hear it now.
We need to convince this jury
that our client's brain tumor
is responsible for the murder.
Already did that.
And simultaneously
that it's not gonna
trigger her to murder again.
That's tougher.
So. what we need here
is something emotional.
visceral. We need...
We need the tumor.
What?
Hey. Bull.
There's a guy out here. uh.
says he has an appointment.
Jared Dubow?
Oh.
Thank you. Okay.
Call the prison.
We need to see Linda
before we go to court today.
Hey there. I'm Jason Bull.
Dr. Bull. it's an honor.
I've been a fan of
your work for years.
Some might call me a superfan.
Well. I bet you say that
to all of the girls.
No. sir. No other girls.
No other meetings.
I have a great job.
It pays me well.
The only reason
I'd even consider leaving
is to work for you.
Well. let's talk in my office.
Who's that?
He said he was here
for an interview.
Maybe the new Marissa.
Huh.
So you're saying
I should have the surgery.
No. No one can make
that decision for you.
What I am telling
you is that
that jury is ready
to convict you.
They're afraid of you.
They're afraid of your tumor.
But if you have it removed...
you're no longer a threat.
And they'll find me innocent?
There's a good chance.
There's also a good chance
you could die
on the operating table.
Let's...
let's all remember that.
Can I even have surgery
in the middle of trial?
We can ask for a continuance.
That's feasible.
Yes. but...
Look. Linda. I know
the prospect of life
in prison sounds grim.
but it's better
than no life at all.
Not if I don't get to spend it
with my daughter.
Not if she's still scared of me.
Do you really think
this will work?
I think it's your only hope.
She's okay.
The surgery went well.
But in order to be sure
we got the whole tumor.
we had to make
some tough choices.
Your Honor. the defense would
like to enter into evidence
exhibit R. the meningioma
that was removed
from the area around my client's
frontotemporal lobe.
The procedure was
extremely complex
and. unfortunately. Linda will
experience persistent weakness
of the right leg.
However. we did successfully
remove the entirety of the mass.
Doctor. what was the weight
of the tumor?
It weighed 12 ounces.
Incredible.
Three-quarters of a pound.
She's been walking around
with this in her head.
mutilating her brain.
Yes. it's not surprising
that her behavior was
so dramatically impacted.
Doctor. now that the tumor
has been removed.
will Linda be subjected to
any further
uncontrolled impulses?
Absolutely not. We achieved
complete resection of the tumor.
There's nothing left.
and it won't grow back.
Aside from the
motor weakness.
there'll be
no lingering effects.
No further questions.
Your Honor.
Does this mean I'm gonna
get my mom back?
Amy.
Order in the court.
Please do not
address the witness.
Your Honor. she
deserves an answer.
Sit down. Dr. Bull.
Dr. Mittman.
will you please tell
this young lady
what she needs to hear?
Dr. Bull!
Yes.
your mother
will be herself again.
In The State of New York
. Linda Bloom.v
murder in the second degree.
we. the jury. find the defendant
not guilty.
I'm sorry.
It's okay. Shh.
Everything's gonna
be okay now. baby girl.
I love you.
Gentlemen. I'm sure
you recognize
that your client is
in serious trouble.
She not only backed out
of our arrangement.
she tipped off
the subject of
our investigation.
Well. let's talk about
your investigation.
You claim to have
evidence connecting
a data breach to
my client's laptop.
but do you have any
physical evidence
of her being at the keyboard
of said laptop
at the time
of the attack?
How do we know another
bad actor didn't install
a remote access trojan
using Ms. Rentzel's
device as
a springboard to launch
the attack script?
I mean. maybe a prosecutor's
gonna be able to make
a mountain out of that
molehill. maybe not.
But the reason we brought
you here to our offices
is to make one thing
crystal clear.
Under this roof.
Taylor is family.
And we will pour
everything we have
into fighting you.
We'll clear every paying client
off the schedule.
We'll spend
everything we have.
And for what?
So the FBI can waste
more taxpayer dollars
slapping Ms. Rentzel
on the wrist.
when you know she didn't
do anything wrong.
This is a fight you're
not gonna win. Agent Delgado.
I'll have to discuss
how we proceed
with my superiors.
Let's go.
Ms. Rentzel.
you should be more careful
who you associate with.
Being in the middle of
a criminal investigation
isn't gonna play well
in family court.
Family court?
What are you talking about?
Oh.
I didn't mention that?
I got a call from the attorney
representing Erik Rentzel
about your upcoming
custody hearing.
Good luck with that.
Erik is suing me
for custody of Mauricio?
Taylor.
I'm so sorry.
How does
Erik's attorney
even know about Delgado?
He's probably
having you followed
by a private investigator.
Bull. new guy's here.
Thank you.
Okay. listen.
we're gonna
figure this out.
We've got this.
Take the rest of the day.
and we'll get into this
tomorrow.
Jared.
Here we are.
Welcome. formally. to TAC.
We could use some fresh ideas
and new blood around here.
This is Chester Palmer.
our lead counsel.
Good to meet you.
I've heard a lot of good things.
Likewise.
Congrats on the verdict.
by the way.
Thanks.
And you've Danny James.
our investigator.
Glad you're here.
Thanks.
I want you all to know
how honored I am
to be a part of this team.
I can't wait to dive in.
Well. who said anything
about waiting?
This is it.
This is the nerve center
of our predictive
behavioral algorithm.
It's a little window into
what people are thinking.
and feeling.
Do you like coffee?
Sure.
I'm gonna get you
a cup of coffee.
Chunk. can you show him
the mock courtroom?
Sure. This way.
Okay. uh...
Sugar. cream?
Perfect.
I knew it. All right.
Right this way. Jared.
come on.
Excuse me.
Marissa Morgan's office?
Uh. is Ms. Morgan
expecting you?
Sir?
She... Sort of. she is.
We're old friends.
Don't worry.
there's no problem.
Sir...
Marissa. can I talk to you?
Uh. could you all give me
just a sec. please?
Thank you.
What the hell
are you doing here?
Despite my best efforts.
I found someone
to replace you at TAC.
And he's a terrific guy.
He's a double PhD.
He's got background
in trial science.
Perfect level of chitchat.
You'd love him.
Okay.
So. I found the new Marissa.
but I don't want
the new Marissa.
I want the old Marissa.
I mean. the...
You know. I want
the original Marissa.
And I can't put
your name on the door.
'cause my name's
not even on the door.
But I can make you
a full partner.
You barge in here
with this grand gesture
and expect me to come back
because you realized
that it's what you want?
No.
You're too late. Bull.
I'm happy where I am.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm